Fix Terraforming story to reflect changes in government of Rand (#11254)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

event "terraform FW Rand without permission"

mission "Terraforming 3B"
	name "Senate Approval"
	description "Bring Amy, Alaric, and Eric to Bourne to get permission from the Free Worlds Senate to drop asteroids on planets."
	source "Rand"
	destination "Bourne"
	to offer
		has "Bourne terraforming approval"
	passengers 3
	on offer
		log `Amy wants to drop an asteroid on Rand's polar ice cap. Let's see what the Senate has to say about that.`
	on visit
		dialog `You land on <planet>, but realize that your escort carrying Eric, Alaric, and Amy hasn't entered the system yet. Better depart and wait for it.`
	on complete
		conversation
			`As you approach the Senate building, you note the amount of people entering. You feel fortunate that your connections within the capital allowed you to move the meeting up the schedule as most people must wait days or weeks to be heard. The public chambers of the Senate occupy a converted opera house some distance from the spaceport. Newly built brick buildings that house various government functions surround the central dome.`

> 			`As you enter, security officers quickly escort you, Amy, Alaric, and Eric to appellant tables built where the first few rows of seats used to be. You aren't quite going first, so you sit in the second row at a table already occupied by the lawyer of Aleric and Eric. The 40 members of the Senate take their seats at a curved table, during which the din of the 450 seat auditorium grows louder and louder. Eventually, the room is called to order by the chair, a position which rotates each session currently occupied by an old senator from Flood who starts quietly listing achievments of the Free Worlds and asking representives of those projects to speak on them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As you enter, security officers quickly escort you, Amy, Alaric, and Eric to appellant tables built where the first few rows of seats used to be. You aren't quite going first, so you sit in the second row at a table already occupied by the lawyer of Alaric and Eric. The 40 members of the Senate take their seats at a curved table, during which the din of the 450 seat auditorium grows louder and louder. Eventually, the room is called to order by the chair, a position which rotates each session. The seat is currently occupied by an old senator from Flood, who starts quietly listing achievements of the Free Worlds and asking representatives of those projects to speak on them.`
```

> 			`After about 45 minutes, the agenda moves on to appeals for approval of new projects.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	After about 45 minutes, the agenda moves on to appeals for approval of new projects.`
```
This section probably needs to be fleshed out a bit as well.

Author: Fleshing out is in progress.
